hello world it's DB Sinclair here with
you boy Shack what up and we are here in
a game of evolved hunt with the new
monster behemoth and the four new
hunters Torvald crow slim and sunny
rockin and rollin Shack you know we got
quite the crew assembled here just some
of the bros from 2k try to show us
what's good with the new characters you
know what's good shack the tongue grab
but only when you actually hit the
creatures with it it is a nice way to
farm it's a nice way to separate the
hunters from the rest of the bunch as
well yeah what you're gonna notice right
off the bat here is that behemoth is
just a whole nother realm of monster
right at Lowell that you're seeing right
here totally different the stamina
system that it works on it's no longer
as separate into chunks now it's one
continuous bar that you use he does pick
up the movement speed what a buff to get
as the monster rolling all over the
places here come the hunters you seen
Sonny with her jetpack booster here's
the medic using that drone that healing
drone on his teammates tell us about the
trapper Shack look at that go be right
there oh what a cute little guy so he's
perched up on Crows arm and then crow
just sends him out in a line in front of
him and that's going to go ahead and
Mark anybody in his way and looks like
he was able to find old behemoth over
here yeah great marking but look at this
Shack we've got a tunnel here the
hunters all mixed up with a lava bomb
followed by the rock wall that's a nice
place for the behemoth to fight yeah it
looks like that's the new the new
shrapnel mine that uh Torvald has and oh
that's a wicked thing to throw he looks
like a discus thrower apparently he was
in his past an ultimate frisbee champion
that's where he gets the skills to throw
that disc there I gotta tell you Dave
nothing's more badass than ultimate
frisbee but with that said not only is
it a shrapnel grenade it paints weak
spots on its target allowing the assault
to be the only character in the game to
shoot his own weak spots here you're
seeing the monster locked them down in
the hallway again lava bomb and tongue
grab brings a salt in close and assault
goes down yeah this is a tough spot for
the hunters
hemanth is just really strong in these
close quarters come grab brings him in
even closer you can tongue grab the
incapacitated hunters you can also try
to come grab their friends and we're
trying to help him up and look at that
that's crow with his kinetic rifle and
that thing shoots through armor Dave
it's a real game-changer you no longer
need to get the monsters armor down
before you can do lasting health damage
to it from the kinetic launcher to the
shrapnel grenade and the assaults auto
fire shotgun massive damage being dealt
to the monster yeah this team is super
just different right Dave I mean that
they're taking all the conventions that
you've seen in each of these classes and
they're just turning them on a 10
speaking of that we have a shield drone
from sunny the shield roan is deployed
into the environment and then will
shield any hunter that is being targeted
by the monster and what you just saw
there was slims leech gun and what's
super cool about this medic is that the
more he leeches his target the faster
his healing burst charges up so he's a
medic that wants to be offensive he
wants to get in the shit I'm he's
shooting at the monster and they're
doing it here they are trying to get up
in the behemoth faces they already have
a bar and now two bars of health
depleted from the monster here we have
crow using a stasis gun trying to slow
the monster down but look at him roll
away Shack he is big time moves when he
gets his momentum going yeah but Hema
the big fan of the rock and roll over
here he wants to keep moving right keep
using that role move and get as far away
from the hunters as possible so we can
keep eating yeah he is a massive target
so as long as he can stay away from the
hunters he's going to be able to roll at
his leisure and find that food to eat to
not only build up his armor but get that
evolved energy up as well so he can get
up to stage two and then eventually
stage three does startled birds here
though you do see the pet bat ray being
deployed by crow if that does catch the
monster you are going to see it
highlighted similar to vals trent gun as
we see sunny here with their jetpack
booster using that to get her teammates
across this tyrant pit of death yeah
that jetpack booster is vital in using
it to catch up to the monster it allows
the teammates to not use their own jet
pack fuel and instead use the fuel from
her jet pack gun it's great for boosting
for word monster staging up to stage two
you're seeing a point in Fisher lava
bomb in a second point in tongue grab as
well I'm loving these abilities the
Fisher maneuver is going to send a very
devastating attack in the direction of
the hunters wool which will actually
crawl up any wall in its way including
the rock wall deployed by the monster Oh
looks like that's a Miss sneak pounce
really cool animation on that one he
does a nice little twirl in the air and
let's see if he's gonna bust out that
fission here in this battle here come
the hunters led by slim with the leech
gun there he's able to go in and burst
the team the rest of the hunters dancing
around trying to stay out of the way of
the Fisher and the tongue grab the other
staying really far away from behemoth
which they need to do spreading out
making sure that he can't corner have
any of them and using that advantage of
height right he cannot jump he cannot as
easily get to those higher spots than
they can you saw Sunny's mini nuke
they're doing devastating damage to the
monster as the monster is now down below
half health with two hunters down and
the monster below half health this fight
could go either way as we see the
trapper is killed an assault is on two
strikes and you know me Dave I gotta
root for that behemoth you know I'm
always rooting for the monster I feel
like he's got this one in the bag here
you know he's got a lot of strikes down
on him and he's he's showing his
dominance he tries to use the walk
rockwall to separate but he's attacked
by both the mortar cannon and the mini
nuke from support yeah there's a lot of
damage coming his way from the shop milk
grenades to the mini new to everything I
mean these guys are laying the hurting
laying the hurt with the weak spots and
the assaults auto-fire shotgun bringing
behemoth down to just a barn of healthy
does drop the rock wall gets the sneak
pounce on assault it is just a sliver of
help with behemoth as you see the mini
nukes come in his way finished with the
shotgun and the hunters way
you